# packages in environment at F:\Computer Science\Git\pcava.github.io\env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
babel                     2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312h53d5487_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h2466b09_7    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.7.4             h56e8100_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.7.4           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py312he70551f_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           win_pyh7428d3b_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ghp-import                2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.2.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                h63175ca_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h8ffe710_5    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               h2466b09_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h2466b09_1    conda-forge
markdown                  3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py312he70551f_0    conda-forge
mergedeep                 1.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mkdocs                    1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mkdocs-get-deps           0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mkdocs-material           9.5.31             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mkdocs-material-extensions 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.1                h2466b09_2    conda-forge
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
paginate                  0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pathspec                  0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymdown-extensions        10.9               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyh0701188_6    conda-forge
python                    3.12.4          h889d299_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    4_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py312he70551f_1    conda-forge
pyyaml-env-tag            0.1                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
regex                     2024.7.24       py312h4389bb4_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                72.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h5226925_1    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
ucrt                      10.0.22621.0         h57928b3_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
vc                        14.3                h8a93ad2_20    conda-forge
vc14_runtime              14.40.33810         ha82c5b3_20    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.40.33810         h3bf8584_20    conda-forge
watchdog                  4.0.1           py312h2e8e312_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.44.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
win_inet_pton             1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_6    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h8d14728_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h8ffe710_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py312h7606c53_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                h0ea2cb4_0    conda-forge
